♪♪
♪ I'm seeing lots of spots ♪
♪ Plenty of polka dots ♪
♪ Get those puppies! ♪
♪ Can't catch
a furry flurry ♪
♪ Running in a blurry hurry ♪
♪ Get those puppies! ♪
♪ 1-0-1 ♪
♪ Canines on the run ♪
♪ Them doggone dogs are fun ♪
♪ 1-0-1 ♪
♪ Without fail you'll wind up
chasing your tail ♪
♪ What's the harm
in revelrous adventures ♪
♪
♪ 1-0-1 ♪
♪ Life's just a bed of roses ♪
♪ Fast friends
with cold, wet noses ♪
-♪ 1-0-1 ♪
-♪ Through thick, thin,
push and pull ♪
♪ It's 1-0-1
oh wonderful! ♪
♪ Just tons of fun ♪
♪ 101 Dalmatians! ♪
Oh, it's a good thing
you gave away most
of those old teddy bears.
You had almost
as many of 'em
as you do puppies!
Wh-- whoa!
Ah! Oh!
Rolly! Whoa-- oh!
What are you guys
doing in here?
You pups are always
getting in the way.
Go on, scoot!
Oomph!
-Whoa!
Whee! Bless my soul!
Oww!
I know you love all
these little guys, Roger,
but I've always thought
you've had way too many.
Way too many?
-Don't worry, Rolly.
I'm sure it's not
what it sounds like.
Roger's much too sweet
to give us away.
Roger:
Well, truth is I'm glad
we're finally
giving them all away...
-even though I'm gonna miss
their fuzzy little faces.
Why that cold-hearted,
dog-ditching,
two-legged traitor!
Oh, there, there, Roger.
I'm sure
it's for the best.
I know, but they were
practically family.
Roger said we're
always getting in the way.
So that's it.
They're giving us away.
Throwing us out
like day-old pizza.
Nobody'd really do that,
would they--
to a pizza, I mean?
Oh, well,
they're tossing us out
on our furry little butts.
Wait a minute.
I'm a feather-butt.
Maybe this doesn't
include me.
Cruella on P.A.:
Lunch break has begun.
At the tone,
you have 29 minutes...
- and 40 seconds
until you must
get back to work.
-Memo to myself...
-consider intravenous lunches.
Chewing is too
time-consuming.
Hmm, there's an employee
after my own heart.
Oh, of course Anita.
What dedication!
What loyalty!
What is that?
Those designs
don't look like anything
I've ever taken credit for.
They're way too good.
She must be moonlighting.
I bet she's working
for my competition,
that fashion scab
Ralphie St. Lowrent!
Oh! If that's the case,
I'll slap that ingrate
with a lawsuit so enormous,
her grandchildren
will owe me money!
Get me Horace and Jasper!
Now the only reason
I'm donating
these little guys
to "Cruella Cares"
is that I know
they'll be given
to deserving kids.
Cruella on P.A.: Attention,
Teddy Bear shoppers:
there's a special on
my new "Teddy de Vil"--
two for the price of three,
six for the price of twelve,
twelve for
the price of eight.
Oh, just buy them!
Cruella:
Six minutes
and 20 seconds
until you must
get back to work.
Ooh, uh-oh,
better grab a bite
before lunch break's over.
Ahh.
Hmm.
Anita:
Okay, okay,
I'll be right there.
Hello? Roger!
You got the stuff?
Great.
No, no, no,
I'm on my lunch break.
So it's my time,
not Cruella's.
Listen, I'll pick up
the other things after work.
I got to get back
to my designs now
for you know what.
Bye.
Now. Now.
Woman on P.A.:
Will Anita Dearly come
to the front desk immediately?
Woman on P.A.:
Will Anita Dearly please
pull chair from under desk,
then come to front desk?
Ooh!
Get to work.
Lucky:
No really!
We heard Roger
and Nanny talking.
What's going on
with our pets?
Now, now, you pups
just stay out of it.
-But, Dad!
-You'll find out
soon enough.
-Perdita: Pongo.
Nanny needs you
back inside right away.
Ah-ah-ah, sorry, Lucky.
-No pups allowed.
Did you hear that?
They might as well
be throwing confetti
and yelling bon voyage!
I don't handle
rejection well!
Although, I have
revenge down pat.
What are you two
doing here?
H and J, high-tech
employee surveillance
consultants
at your service.
We got everything
you need to spy.
We've got night-vision goggles.
Oh!
We've got state-of-the-art
hidden cameras.
The best money can buy.
We can even tap phones.
Jasper:
Knock, knock.
Enough!
I didn't call you
for high-tech surveillance.
I summoned you
because I need
two mindless dimwits
to go through the trash.
Not my trash, you idiots!
-Anita Dearly's.
Both: Oh!
We're in luck.
She's out of the office.
It's empty.
Both:
Geronimo!
-Uh.
Hey, here's something.
From the desk
of Anita Dearly.
-Oh, ooh!
We've got it!
Ew.
Not that it.
This it.
Ahh.
"10:00 AM, Saturday
in the barn"?
That must be
when she's making
her presentation
to Ralphie!
Follow her!
See where she goes,
who she meets,
what she says,
and how she could
turn on me this way!
You will be secretly wired
for sound and video.
-Both: Whoa!
-Now get out and
get on the job!
Good, everything
is in working order.
Nanny:
So, uh, what did
Cruella actually say?
Well, she wasn't there...
but her assistant
said she'd be thrilled
to receive so many
wonderful little creatures.
Cruella.
They're giving us
to Cruella?
Cruella on P.A.:
At the tone,
- you will have 15 hours...
53 minutes and 40 seconds
until tomorrow's
workday begins.
We've picked up the subject,
Ms. de Vil.
Jasper:
And where ever she goes,
we go.
The subject appears
to be selecting--
Cruella:
Wrapping paper,
party streamers,
and noise makers.
Well, this fashion show
must have
a birthday party theme.
Party hats with clowns!
How fresh!
How frolicsome!
Memo to myself,
brilliant new idea
for the fall line:
clown-wear!
Ralphie:
Yo', Anita!
What are you
doing in these parts?
I didn't know Cruella
let you out at night.
Jasper:
Anita's just made contact
with Ralphie.
I knew it!
That proves
she's been working
for that two-bit tailor!
Cruella:
Don't let them
out of your sight!
So, anyway,
I was just--
-Both: Whoa!
What are they saying?
So tell me, Anita,
when are you going
to leave that witch
and come work for me?
Oh, I can't
do that to Cruella.
She gave me my start.
I gave her
her start!
Anita must be
trying to sell Ralphie
her new designs !
But if that traitor
thinks she can pull
the Angora over my eyes...
she's in for
an unpleasant surprise!
I can't believe our pets
would give us to Cruella!
Maybe she sucked out
their brains
or-- or did
a Vulcan mind-meld.
It happens!
Maybe we should
look at the bright side.
We're beginning
down the road less traveled--
the start of
a brand-new life.
Sorry, I was just trying
to put a positive spin on doom.
Yeah, they're up there now,
probably planning
to turn our barn
into an all-night
yogurt stand.
I can't take this any more!
I got to see for myself.
As long as you work
for the House of De Vil,
all your designs
belong to me,
and I'm coming
to claim my property!
As a member
of this household,
I deserve to know
what's going on.
How could they
do this to us?
We're their puppies.
They're family.
How could Anita
do this to me?
I'm her employer.
I'm practically family.
Who would have thought
that a surprise party
could be so much work?
Roger:
But you know, the pups have
been with us 101 days now,
and we've got to
do something to celebrate!
At last!
Anita's latest
fashion designs
will be mine!
-What we need
is a nice cup of tea.
And I'll make sandwiches.
Keep sewing, Roger.
Will do.
Oh!
Hmm?
Cruella--
she was there with them!
Then it is true.
We're family valueless.
We better warn
the other pups!
Right, then first thing
tomorrow morning
we're out of here.
Cruella will never
take us alive.
Scorchy,
I have to sneak into
Anita's birthday-party themed
fashion show tomorrow,
and make such a ruin
of her presentation to Ralphie
that no one will
attempt such treachery
against the House of De Vil
ever again!
Fortunately, I have a plan.
Not so fast, puppies!
The others might not believe
Cruella's out to get us,
but I do,
and I'm coming
with you!
But no one wants
to give you away.
Hey, you guys
are my best buddies.
Wherever you go,
I go.
-Hmph.
-What a pal!
Hey, if I'm really
leaving Dearly farm,
I'd better go home
and pack my things.
Meet us at the rock!
-Lucky: We're sailing away...
...to where Cruella
can never find us.
What things
could a chicken
possibly have?
Don't ask.
Stuff, stuff,
got to get my stuff!
Nanny:
Oh, stretch the streamers
that way.
-I'll stack the puppies'
presents over here.
Oh, this'll be
the best surprise party ever!
Oh, wait till the pups
hear about this.
Ship Captain:
Even if we have to sail
around the world
three times,
we're not coming back
without the great white whale!
Not a bark or a whimper
until we're out of sight
of land.
I wonder where Spot is.
Oh, I hope
they haven't left yet!
-Well, Cadpig,
it's the start
of a whole new life.
Lucky, I'm conflicted.
I can't tell
if I'm suffering
from abandonment issues
or separation anxiety.
Captain:
Raise the gangplank!
Look, it's Spot!
And head for the open sea!
Rolly:
Come on, Spot, go for it!
-No! No! No!
Around the world and back
ain't what it used to be.
My pants!
Listen up, pups,
I've got great news!
Surprise!
Happy 101st birthday,
everyone!
-Anita: Uh, uh...
Oh, papa!
-Presents!
We've even got
something for the chicken.
Thanks for not
giving us away, Mom.
Where did you get
an idea like that?
Don't ask.
Spot:
Cock-a-doodle-doo,
look at me.
I'm a dalmatian too.
-Oh, ha ha ha!
-Yuck, yuck, yuck! Ha ha!
Here's a little
bunny for you.
-Uh, a doggie.
-Uh, drat.
Here, have a worm.
You too.
Now go fish!
Worms for everyone!
This is worst clown
I've ever seen.
No kidding.
Hmm, Ralphie St. Lowrent
still hasn't arrived?
And why are
these wretched dogs
wearing Anita's clothing line?
Ah, no matter.
In two minutes,
it won't make any difference
-because Anita's fashion show...
will be over and out.
Touch the clown again
and we'll be serving
hot dogs for supper!
Something smells funny
about this clown.
-Duh, Lucky.
-No, I'll show you.
What's going on?
I'm flying!
Both:
Who hired the clown?
Oomph!
Cruella? That's why
you were in my office
yesterday.
You were trying to find out
when the birthday party was
so you could help
make it a success.
Hmm? Uh, oh!
Oh, yes, yes, of course.
It's not as if I--
I suspected you
of moonlighting
for Ralphie St. Lowrent.
and came to sabotage
your new clothing line,
or anything.
How could I ever work
for anyone else
-when you are so generous...
Ah, well,
like I always say,
trust your employees.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh, uh-oh.
Happy 101st birthday.
You mutts.